SQL-1718: update image and readme (#34)
mongodb/mongo-powerbi-connector: mongodb-atlas-sql-interface.md

4. In the MongoDB Atlas SQL window that appears, fill in the following values:

>    - The **MongoDB URI**. _Required_ \

Author: Rather than insert empty spaces at the end to force a newline, it's better to use the backslack. Many markdown formatters will remove trailing spaces, and markdown lint complains about them if left in.

     Use the MongoDB URI obtained [in the prerequisites](#obtaining-connection-information-for-your-federated-database-instance).  Make sure that it doesn't contain your username and password. URIs containing username and/or passwords are rejected.
   - Your federated **Database** name. _Required_ \
     Use the name of the federated database obtained [in the prerequisites](#obtaining-connection-information-for-your-federated-database-instance).
   - A SQL query. _Optional_ \

>      Enter a SQL query to immediately query a table. If the **Database** is the same as above, you may omit it from the query.

Reviewer: This is not restricted to one table, is it?

What about 
```suggestion
     Enter a native Atlas SQL query to execute immediately. If the **Database** is the same as above, you may omit it from the query.
```

     ```
     SELECT * FROM orders
     ```

   
   Select **OK**.  

>    ![Atlas SQL connection dialogue](./media/mongodb/mongodb_connection_dialog.png)

Reviewer: Note : Changing the file name might make it a pain to update on MSFT side. We will see.

      Use the MongoDB URI obtained [in the prerequisites](#obtaining-connection-information-for-your-federated-database-instance).  Make sure that it doesn't contain your username and password. URIs containing username and/or passwords are rejected.
    - Your federated **Database** name. _Required_  
      Use the name of the federated database obtained [in the prerequisites](#obtaining-connection-information-for-your-federated-database-instance).

>    - The logging level for the underlying ODBC driver. _Optional, Default value: INFO_  

Reviewer: The native query doesn't show for PowerQuery Online?

Author: Discussed at standup. At this time it appears the two are different beasts.
